README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Build and deploy your own copilot with GitHub Copilot</h1>
<h5 align="center">@stebje & @vfm2</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#mega-prerequisites">Prerequisites</a> •  
  <a href="#books-resources">Resources</a> •
  <a href="#learning-objectives">Learning Objectives</a>
</p>

> Please provide a description of your workshop.

- **Who is this for**: TBD
- **What you'll learn**: 

In this session we will delve into how you can build and deploy your own AI assistant, and how GitHub Copilot can help you throughout this process. First we will cover some theory on GitHub Copilot functionalities and AI chatbot architectures, before moving onto a practical exercise where we build our own AI chatbot and deploy it to Azure, all while leveraging various GitHub Copilot X features.

- **What you'll build**: TBD

## Learning Objectives

In this workshop, you will:

  - Understand how GitHub Copilot works and how to leverage it in your own software projects
  - Understand common AI chatbot architectures
  - Learn how to build your own AI chatbot and deploy it to Azure

## :mega: Prerequisites
Before joining the workshop, there are a few items that you will need to install or bring with you.
- point 1
- point 2

## :books: Resources
- [Resource 1]()
- [Resource 2]()

Commit message:

Update readme with learning objectives

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Build and deploy your own copilot with GitHub Copilot</h1>
<h5 align="center">@stebje & @vfm2</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#mega-prerequisites">Prerequisites</a> •  
  <a href="#books-resources">Resources</a> •
  <a href="#learning-objectives">Learning Objectives</a>
</p>

> Please provide a description of your workshop.

- **Who is this for**: TBD
- **What you'll learn**: 

In this session we will delve into how you can build and deploy your own AI assistant, and how GitHub Copilot can help you throughout this process. First we will cover some theory on GitHub Copilot functionalities and AI chatbot architectures, before moving onto a practical exercise where we build our own AI chatbot and deploy it to Azure, all while leveraging various GitHub Copilot X features.

- **What you'll build**: TBD

## Learning Objectives

In this workshop, you will:

  - Understand detailed insights into the functionality of GitHub Copilot and the strategic methods for effectively incorporating it into your individual software projects.
  - Familiarized with common AI chatbot architectures.
  - Create and build your own AI chatbot and deploy it to Azure.

## :mega: Prerequisites
Before joining the workshop, there are a few items that you will need to install or bring with you.
- point 1
- point 2

## :books: Resources
- [Resource 1]()
- [Resource 2]()
